# stock-price-prediction
Hello......, in this project I predict the price of infrastructure stocks in Indonesia using the Regression Ridge and LSTM (Long short-term memory) methods.

Ridge regression is a popular parameter estimation method used to address the collinearity problem frequently arising in multiple linear regression. The formulation of the ridge methodology is reviewed and properties of the ridge estimates capsulated. In particular, four rationales leading to a regression estimator of the ridge form are summarized. Algebraic properties of the ridge regression coefficients are given, which elucidate the behavior of a ridge trace for small values of the ridge parameter (i.e., close to the least squares solution) and for large values of the ridge parameter. Further properties involving coefficient sign changes and rates-of-change, as functions of the ridge parameter, are given for specific correlation structures among the independent variables. These results help relate the visual behavior of a ridge trace to the underlying structure of the data (John Wiley & Sons, Inc. WIREs Comp Stat 2009 1 93–100).

Long short-term memory (LSTM) can solve many tasks not solvable by previous learning algorithms for recurrent neural networks (RNNs). We identify a weakness of LSTM networks processing continual input streams without explicitly marked sequence ends. Without resets, the internal state values may grow indefinitely and eventually cause the network to break down. Our remedy is an adaptive “forget gate” that enables an LSTM cell to learn to reset itself at appropriate times, thus releasing internal resources. We review an illustrative benchmark problem on which standard LSTM outperforms other RNN algorithms. All algorithms (including LSTM) fail to solve a continual version of that problem. LSTM with forget gates, however, easily solves it in an elegant way(F.A. Gers, J. Schmidhuber, F. Cummins, ICANN99, 1999, 850 – 855).
